#sidebar Sidebar

== _abstract class_ aCssMinifierPlugin ==
This class is the abstract definition of a minifier plugin. Every minifier plugin have to implement this class.

Minifier plugin are used for one per one processing of [ApiTokensACssToken tokens] returned by the 
[ApiParserCssParser CssParser] to change properties of the [ApiTokensACssToken token].
----

=== Properties ===
==== _protected_ `array` $configuration = array() ====
The plugin configuration.
----

==== _protected_ [ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier] $minifier = `null` ====
Instance of the [ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier] of the filter.
----
	
=== Methods ===
==== `void` _public_ __construct([ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier] $minifier, `array` $configuration = array()) ====
Constructor setting the instance of [ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier] and the plugin configuration.
 * [ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier] $minifier : Instance of the [ApiMinifierCssMinifier CssMinifier]
 * `array` $configuration : Filter configuration (optional)
 * *Returns:* `void`
----

==== `boolean` _abstract public_ apply(`array` &$token) ====
Applys the plugin logic on the [ApiTokensACssToken token].

If the method return `true` the minifier will continue with the next [ApiTokensACssToken token] and if returned `false` the 
[ApiTokensACssToken token] will get handed over to the next minifier plugin.
 * `array` &$token : [ApiTokensACssToken token]
 * *Returns:* `boolean` `true to continue with the next token, `false` to hand over the current token to the next plugin
----

==== `array` _abstract public_ getTriggerTokens() ====
Returns an array with token class names the plugin have to get called on. This avoids unnessasary calls to the plugin.
 * *Returns:* `array` Array of token class name this plugin will trigger on
----